README.rst, before:

=================
Dependency Parser
=================


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/dparse.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/dparse

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/pyupio/dparse.svg
        :target: https://travis-ci.org/pyupio/dparse

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/pyupio/dparse/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
  :target: https://codecov.io/gh/pyupio/dparse


A parser for Python dependency files


Supported Files
---------------

+------------------+------------+-----------+
| File             | parse      | update    |
+==================+============+===========+
| requirements.txt | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| conda.yml        | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| tox.ini          | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| Pipfile          | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| Pipfile.lock     | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| setup.py         | no (# 2_)  | no (# 2_) |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| zc.buildout      | no (# 3_)  | no (# 3_) |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| setup.cfg        | no (# 4_)  | no (# 4_) |
+------------------+------------+-----------+

.. _2: https://github.com/pyupio/dparse/issues/2
.. _3: https://github.com/pyupio/dparse/issues/3
.. _4: https://github.com/pyupio/dparse/issues/8

************
Installation
************

To install dparse, run:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install dparse

If you want to update Pipfiles, install the pipenv extra:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install dparse[pipenv]

*****
Usage
*****

To use dparse in a Python project::

    from dparse import parse, filetypes

    content = """
    South==1.0.1 --hash=sha256:abcdefghijklmno
    pycrypto>=2.6
    """

    df = parse(content, file_type=filetypes.requirements_txt)

    print(df.json())




    {
      "file_type": "requirements.txt",
      "content": "\nSouth==1.0.1 --hash=sha256:abcdefghijklmno\npycrypto>=2.6\n",
      "path": null,
      "sha": null,
      "dependencies": [
        {
          "name": "South",
          "specs": [
            [
              "==",
              "1.0.1"
            ]
          ],
          "line": "South==1.0.1 --hash=sha256:abcdefghijklmno",
          "source": "pypi",
          "meta": {},
          "line_numbers": null,
          "index_server": null,
          "hashes": [
            "--hash=sha256:abcdefghijklmno"
          ],
          "dependency_type": "requirements.txt",
          "extras": []
        },
        {
          "name": "pycrypto",
          "specs": [
            [
              ">=",
              "2.6"
            ]
          ],
          "line": "pycrypto>=2.6",
          "source": "pypi",
          "meta": {},
          "line_numbers": null,
          "index_server": null,
          "hashes": [],
          "dependency_type": "requirements.txt",
          "extras": []
        }
      ]
    }

**********
Python 2.7
**********

This tool requires latest Python patch versions starting with version 3.5. We
did support Python 2.7 in the past but, as for other Python 3.x minor versions,
it reached its End-Of-Life and as such we are not able to support it anymore.

We understand you might still have Python 2.7 projects running. At the same
time, Safety itself has a commitment to encourage developers to keep their
software up-to-date, and it would not make sense for us to work with officially
unsupported Python versions, or even those that reached their end of life.

If you still need to use Safety with Python 2.7, please use version 0.4.1 of
Dparse available at PyPi. Alternatively, you can run Safety from a Python 3
environment to check the requirements file for your Python 2.7 project.

Commit message:

Add license notices, cleanup code
And remove outdated references to upstream where confusing

Signed-off-by: Philippe Ombredanne <pombredanne@nexb.com>

README.rst, after:

=================
Dependency Parser
=================


A parser for Python manifests and dependency files now at 
https://github.com/nexB/dparse2

Originally at https://github.com/pyupio/dparse

This is a maintained fork by some of the contributors since upstream stopped
updating this.


Supported Files
---------------

+------------------+------------+-----------+
| File             | parse      | update    |
+==================+============+===========+
| requirements.txt | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| conda.yml        | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| tox.ini          | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| Pipfile          | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| Pipfile.lock     | yes        | yes       |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| setup.py         | no (# 2_)  | no (# 2_) |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| zc.buildout      | no (# 3_)  | no (# 3_) |
+------------------+------------+-----------+
| setup.cfg        | no (# 4_)  | no (# 4_) |
+------------------+------------+-----------+

.. _2: https://github.com/pyupio/dparse/issues/2
.. _3: https://github.com/pyupio/dparse/issues/3
.. _4: https://github.com/pyupio/dparse/issues/8

************
Installation
************

To install dparse2, run:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install dparse2

If you want to update Pipfiles, install the pipenv extra:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install dparse2[pipenv]

*****
Usage
*****

To use dparse2 in a Python project::

    from dparse2 import parse
    from dparse2 import filetypes

    content = """
    South==1.0.1 --hash=sha256:abcdefghijklmno
    pycrypto>=2.6
    """

    df = parse(content, file_type=filetypes.requirements_txt)

    print(df.json())


    {
      "file_type": "requirements.txt",
      "content": "\nSouth==1.0.1 --hash=sha256:abcdefghijklmno\npycrypto>=2.6\n",
      "path": null,
      "sha": null,
      "dependencies": [
        {
          "name": "South",
          "specs": [
            [
              "==",
              "1.0.1"
            ]
          ],
          "line": "South==1.0.1 --hash=sha256:abcdefghijklmno",
          "source": "pypi",
          "meta": {},
          "line_numbers": null,
          "index_server": null,
          "hashes": [
            "--hash=sha256:abcdefghijklmno"
          ],
          "dependency_type": "requirements.txt",
          "extras": []
        },
        {
          "name": "pycrypto",
          "specs": [
            [
              ">=",
              "2.6"
            ]
          ],
          "line": "pycrypto>=2.6",
          "source": "pypi",
          "meta": {},
          "line_numbers": null,
          "index_server": null,
          "hashes": [],
          "dependency_type": "requirements.txt",
          "extras": []
        }
      ]
    }



This tool supports Python 3.6 and up. Older version support older Python versions
